There are six artists/groups called Mastermind: a Japanese Power Metal band, a UK grime production outfit, a US rock band, a DJ, a US funk band and a paraguayan thrash metal band.1.
Mastermind is a power metal band from Tokyo, Japan.
They are: Yoshiyuki Watarai and Yoshiya Sato on guitar, Shinichi Kojima on drums, Norio Sato on vocals, and Naoyuki Hasegawa on bass.
The band has released four full-length albums: Song for the New World (2000), The Way I Go (2001), To the World Beyond (2004), and From Here to Eternity (2006).
2.
Were UK grime producers and artists who made the song "Rep Your Endz".
The instrumental spawning several other songs with different MCs.
Becoming popularised on the grime channel formerly known as Channel U (now Channel AKA) and being released on it's anthologies.3.
MASTERMIND is a progressive rock/metal band from the USA.
Established in 1986, MASTERMIND is brothers Berends, Bill and Rich.
Rich is a drummer who subscribes to the Carl Palmer school of drumming.
Music, vocals, guitar, bass and faux-keyboards (actually a guitar-controlled MIDI setup) were handled by brother Bill, while Rich pounded out complex drumming.
The music is guitar based, and they play a melodic ELP - styled energetic and bombastic progressive rock.On their third &amp; fourth releases, the music began to leave the 70's prog sound behind and the move towards a more progressive metal sound began.
Jens Johansson joined the group on the 5th album "Excelsior!
first release on a major label (Inside Out)though this album also has a lot of jazzy influences.
With the release of "Angels of the Apocalypse" MASTERMIND's the band added a female vocalist and the move towards progressive metal was complete.
The "Broken" EP was released in 2005 and a new album is forthcoming.
"mastermindband.com" is the band's official website.4.
Mastermind (aka X-Fly)owner of Headfuck records.raw and brutal hardcore techno.5.
MASTERMIND was a 70's Funk band from New York City.Comparable to Brass Construction and Mass Production but not nearly as well known, Mastermind was an obscure ten-piece funk-soul band that recorded in New York in the late '70s.
Unlike the Ohio Players, Earth, Wind &amp; Fire, Tower of Power, the Commodores and other big funk-soul bands of the '70s, Mastermind didn't have a really identifiable lead vocalist.
Several of its members could contribute vocals if called upon to do so, but everyone in the band was a musician first and foremost with the overall sound of the band being more important than the vocals.
Even though funk-soul was Mastermind's foundation, its very danceable and horn-driven music contained jazz overtones.
In fact, jazz musicians David Sanborn, Steve Khan and Jon Faddis were employed on Mastermind's self-titled debut album, which Prelude released in 1977.
Unfortunately, the LP didn't sell, and the band broke up without ever recording a second album.
Mastermind's members included trumpeter/vocalist Anselm Scrubb, baritone and tenor saxophonist Mario Ford, tenor saxophonist/flutist Guy Fuertes, alto saxophonist/flutist Lenny White (not to be confused with the Return to Forever and Twennynine drummer), guitarist/vocalist Joe Frye, keyboardist/vocalist Geoffrey Williams, bassist/vocalist Carl Bain, drummer/vocalist Brian Wilson (not to be confused with the Beach Boys member), percussionist/vocalist Wendell Derrick and percussionist Juan Clouden.
(Source: Allmusic.com)6.
Mastermind is a thrash-speed metal Band hailing from Ciudad del Este, Alto Paraná, Paraguay.
Formed in 2008, they've released (as of 2014) one demo (Under Fire, 2011) and two independent full length albums: Strange Aggressions (2013) and Unstoppable Drunks (2015)